Hello welcome back to the course on power be-I in this material we are going to explore our oceans.
All right so let's get straight to it.
We're going to look at three things.
First of all we're going to look at who are the most stable countries lending money to.
Then we're going to look at who are the most riskiest come countries boring from and then we're going
to take one country and just analyze that one country.
All right so let's get started.
We're going to look at the most stable countries so the great ones.
And so let's pick them out here.
Hold on control and select these countries so Japan Germany Britain and the United States so they where
they act as creditors as you can see the whole of civilization has just adjusted.
All right so what can we tell from here.
Well right away because of the sizes of these parts of the pies we can tell that the most lending has
actually been done by Japan Germany and Britain.
And we can also tell that from the tree up here we can say see that the US didn't do much lending at
all.
And the interesting thing is that these countries tend to lend money to each other.
Right so you can tell by the size of this of the start of the pathway pathway.
So here for instance Germany and Britain 321 billion dollars.
Japan and Germany eighty eight point five billion dollars.
But the most of the money that they are lending is going to the U.S..
So Japan lent United States 196 billion.
Germany lent them $324 and Britain lent them forty billion.
So that's how much money went into the U.S. And then there's some colors going into the other smaller
countries by the way you can see that the colors.
Well we'll see further down the country colors don't really hold consistent and they kind of mess up
a little bit as the filtering happens.
And you know that's probably something that will be fixed up in Part B in the chord diagram further
down the track.
But now let's move on to this part of the chart.
So we've highlighted the four countries here and on the right we can see who are the countries that
are actually borrowing money.
So here we really can't how much they're lending and here we're going to be looking at how much countries
are borrowing from these four countries so the highest borrower by far is the United States in total
1.4 trillion dollars.
Then you've got Britain and Germany as we could see there lending money to each other.
And then you've got these smaller or European countries or they're boring small amounts.
And here we can see the same picture as we can see here.
But in a chord diagram so you can see that the United States is by far the highest borrower and we can
actually see additional information.
So here we can see where for instance the funds for the United States came from would have to click.
And then you know restart study a new set up of our dashboard whereas here we can see that most of the
money for the United States is coming from Japan.
So 96000 then Germany by the way the arrow here because of the way we set up the start of the arrow
here means that United States owes Japan so 996 here the arrow meant Japan lent United States and her
nearly $6 billion dollars here.
The United States owes Japan 796.
Here we've got United States owes Germany $324 and the United States owes Brian turn 45 so you can see
where.
Well kind of the way to read it is still you've got to start at the back part of the pathway and just
look where it goes.
So this one goes into Germany and goes into Britain was Japan but then just think of it as this is how
much the United States owes money.
Right so then you've got other countries and kind of like similar to what you see here.
But in reverse.
Right here the small United States is small here the United States is huge here.
Japan is huge.
Whereas here Japan is tiny.
Right.
Because here we're focusing on how much money has been lent here folks and how much money has been borrowed.
All right now let's proceed to let's just click anywhere to reset that and let's proceed to the most
riskiest countries.
So Italy Portugal Ireland and Greece.
And let's see where they're borrowing money from.
All right.
So where is the money coming from.
So this is debtors So this is this is these countries that we've selected.
And you can see that if the owes the most money and that is the same thing we can see from our tree
map here but here it is more evident because we still got the other countries here that we there are
not highlighted and therefore we're comparing alongside them whereas here they're the countries we selected
are have been isolated and we can just compare among them.
So here we can see Italy is the most $443 billion and most of that money is owed to France by Italy.
And then also bit is owed to Britain.
Then what is this.
And then Italy also owes Japan eight billion dollars.
And Italy or Spain or old back in the time Spain.
Nine point seven billion dollars and Italy owes the United States three point sixteen billion dollars.
Then comes Portugal then Ireland then Greece.
All right and now where are they boringness money from.
Surprisingly this is very interesting.
All of these countries these four countries the most riskiest the biggest creditor for them is France.
It's not Japan or the U.S. or one of these stable countries.
The biggest creditor is France.
So France has lent these countries.
And you can see here most of that money has probably gone to Italy Italy France three hundred sixty
six billion dollars.
So very interesting.
So this one of those insights that you can just find from data like surprising surprisingly And so you'd
think that.
Why would a country that is itself not Italy France is pouring to this data there is low risk but it's
not stable like Germany Japan Britain and United States so why would France loan such a huge amount
of money to Italy which at the time was considered a very high risk country.
Right.
So you can see that these countries seems like these countries are playing it smart lending money to
each other and to the United States whereas France made a big loan to Italy and so they can see that
same picture.
France made a huge loan to Italy and then France also made quite a substantial loan to Greece which
we as we know was one of the least stable countries or the most riskiest countries at the time.
OK.
So again you can derive some additional insights from here.
And finally we're going to just pick a country so let's say we could pick France for instance but really
talked about France's Big East Germany.
Right.
Because a lot of the time I remember a lot of people saying that Germany is the driving force for Europe
like they're doing most of the work so let's see what's going on here.
It's a bit harder to analyze these chord diagrams when you have when you've picked one country right
a bit harder or you could actually just be Germany on the core diagram like that so it's sort of it
adapting you could just highlight it like that and let's do that so you can see here Germany Germany
lent money.
So this is creditor's Germany lend money to Britain 321 billion.
Germany borrowed money from France Interestingly enough so big and France is not is a low risk country
but still.
Why did why was that necessary.
Interesting very interesting.
I'm sure there are reasons but it's just interesting to see Germany and Ireland some money Germany will
spend some money and Germany lent the United States a big chunk of money 324 so even more than they
lent a Brit it's about the same money.
But yeah so Germany lent the United States on 24 billion dollars.
And then you can see that this diagram has adjusted as well and this is a very interesting sell here.
So if I can click here you'll see Germany you look here is 253 billion as a dollar.
So how much.
Germany owes money to other countries.
But if I click here you'll see that this has changed.
This is eight hundred eight hundred and three right so it's actually the same amount as here.
So here we are now looking at those other countries that owe Germany so the chord diagrams are smart
when they adapt when they adjust.
But at the same time it's it can be a bit confusing if you don't follow what they're doing.
So here we're saying Germany lent money to countries right.
When I click this diagram is now representing the countries the debtors that actually owe money to Germany.
And so here as you can see these cores are becoming smaller as they as they go away.
And it's hard really to tell the countries on the end whereas here now that's where they start.
Right.
So that's that's the chords.
So the United States owes Germany 324 billion same amount as we can see here.
Spain owes Germany five fifty seven point six so it just puts into perspective the relative sizes of
the countries that owe money.
So you can see that the most money is on old by United States and Britain to Germany and then Greece
Ireland Portugal and Spain suspence second largest or third largest of these three.
And you actually see the amounts here approximate amounts 324 323.
Yeah so that's how chord diagrams work and that's how you can use them in analytics.
And as you can see we created a very powerful visualization in the end we can derive some valuable insights
and explore individual countries separately or we can explore combinations of countries just by holding
down control and clicking through.
So I really hope you enjoyed this tutorial and not only did we see how to install a custom visual but
also we saw how to create a quite a powerful dashboard combining lots of different elements such as
the custom visual and tree maps and also leveraging colors.
And also we got to explore this resolution.
So hopefully you had some fun and picked up some new skills and always remember that you've got that
arsenal of custom visuals that party supplies.
And I look forward to seeing you next time.
Until then happy analyzed.